README.md, before:

# big-data-dev
# By Lindsay Gillespie

## Current: 
I am currently a senior at Northwest finishing my bachelor of science in computer science.

## Background:
I am from St. Louis MO. Been at Northwest all four years of my degree. My hobbies include watching animated dc superhero movies, not the DC CW shows. My other hobby is music I play the clarinet and the viola. I use to be in the Bearcat Marching band till I realized that memorizing music is hard.

## Plans:
I'm hoping to land a job doing software development in either Kansas City or back home in St Louis. I hope the job I land will allow me to try out other fields because you never know what you will love or hate until you try it.

## Links
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lindsay-gillespie-68b620122)
[Github]( https://github.com/LinGill21)

![from https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.com%2Fpin%2F506021708103470072%2F&psig=AOvVaw1pfSvoojbVvsOz5IuuXWgA&ust=1610741224589000&source=images&cd=vfe&ved=0CAIQjRxqFwoTCMCYiOecnO4CFQAAAAAdAAAAABAD](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/9a/26/84/9a2684c4213171476e13732af3b26537.jpg)

Commit message:

added skills and a link to a repo

README.md, after:

# big-data-dev
# By Lindsay Gillespie

## Current: 
I am currently a senior at Northwest finishing my bachelor of science in computer science.

## Background:
I am from St. Louis MO. Been at Northwest all four years of my degree. My hobbies include watching animated dc superhero movies, not the DC CW shows. My other hobby is music I play the clarinet and the viola. I use to be in the Bearcat Marching band till I realized that memorizing music is hard.

## Plans:
I'm hoping to land a job doing software development in either Kansas City or back home in St Louis. I hope the job I land will allow me to try out other fields because you never know what you will love or hate until you try it.

## Links
* [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lindsay-gillespie-68b620122)
* [Github]( https://github.com/LinGill21)
### My repos
1.[BigData-shell-review](https://github.com/LinGill21/BigData-Shell-Review/blob/master/README.md)

## Skills
I know how to use command line for curl, and filtering. Big data shell review is a good example of my skills with command line

![from https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.com%2Fpin%2F506021708103470072%2F&psig=AOvVaw1pfSvoojbVvsOz5IuuXWgA&ust=1610741224589000&source=images&cd=vfe&ved=0CAIQjRxqFwoTCMCYiOecnO4CFQAAAAAdAAAAABAD](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/9a/26/84/9a2684c4213171476e13732af3b26537.jpg)
